HSBC this stock price has been left in 1 day of 5 fall
ah ?  HSBC has been rising all the way, ah mid-Christmas is not yet
, there is no need to buy HSBC yeah so, manage this
HSBC in the first quarter of 2025 results announced when the company held a large part of the government
but the layoffs  The CEOI Joe no, A
or so warn, if the closure between the world's major trading groups
shows, higher than the level before the 4th, then yeah, I can
tell you, 100 or so.  Some people say that
high 20 think Ah will not be so simple, he will certainly
60% finally give you 20 can become so simple, half you are
rich so so this is not only the global trade is not only this one
GDP growth will slow down, HSBC's group into it
will certainly be affected and there are many people who borrowed money too yeah go away is
not ten thousand can not pay back the money, well so ah HSBC this group will be